Adding additional sbt parameters options (#102)
scalacenter/sbt-dependency-submission: README.md

      configs-ignore: scala-doc-tool
```

> #### Passing additional sbt parameters.
> 
> In this example you are passing some specific parameters to sbt.
> 
> ```yaml
> 
> ## in .github/workflows/dependency-graph.md
> ...
> steps:
>   - uses: actions/checkout@v3
>   - uses: scalacenter/sbt-dependency-submission@v2
>     with:
>       working-directory: ./my-scala-project
>       additional-sbt-parameters: -DsomeRepository.user=programmerman -DsomeNeededSetting=cool
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Passing additional sbt options.

In this example you are passing some additional options to sbt, for e.g. some credentials to access a private repository.

```yaml

## in .github/workflows/dependency-graph.md
...
steps:
  - uses: actions/checkout@v3
  - uses: scalacenter/sbt-dependency-submission@v2
    env:
      SBT_OPTS: '-DsomeRepository.user=programmerman -DsomeNeededSetting=cool'
```

Author: Oh of course that's way better, will make the changes
It's friday i guess 😛
